COMMAND: run_fault_sim

TITLE:
run_fault_sim

DESCRIPTION:
Performs fault simulation using the current fault list and the current selection of the pattern source.

SYNTAX:
run_fault_sim [-checkpoint fault_filename] [-detected_pattern_storage] [-distributed] [-first_pattern d] [-last_pattern d] [-ndetects n] [-nodrop_faults] [-sequential] [-store] [-strong_bridge]

OPTIONS:
-checkpoint fault_filename : Specifies that a fault list file should be saved to the named file after every pass of
            fault simulation. This option is supported only if the -sequential option is also used. The file named is overwritten if it already exists. The default is
            not to perform the checkpointing process. This option switches to non-threaded processing. For more information, see TestMAX ATPG
            Multithreading Command Option Support.
-detected_pattern_storage : Stores the pattern ID for the first detection of a fault when operating on an external
            pattern set. Adds an additional field to the fault report indicating the pattern ID of
            the first detection of detected faults. This option switches to non-threaded processing. For more information, see TestMAX ATPG
            Multithreading Command Option Support.
-distributed : Causes TestMAX ATPG to look for the list of distributed processors to start a
            distributed fault simulation environment. The machine issuing this command becomes the
            "master" machine. The master machine drives the distributed process, but does not
            participate in the fault simulation task. The fault simulation task is deferred to
            distributed processors only. This means that if you want to use two machines for fault
            simulation, you need to use a master plus two distributed processor machines. This option switches to non-threaded processing. For more information, see TestMAX ATPG
            Multithreading Command Option Support.
-first_pattern d : Specifies an individual pattern or a range of patterns to be fault-graded during
            simulation.
-last_pattern d : Specifies a subset of the current pattern set on which to perform fault simulation.
            When this option is used, fault simulation is performed from the first pattern, pattern
            0, through the last pattern specified by integer d . The
            default is to perform fault simulation on all patterns.
-nodrop_faults : Allows and independent estimation of the test coverage for each pattern. After fault
            simulation, you can check both the number of all detected and first detected faults for
            each simulated pattern with the report_faults -profile command. This option switches to non-threaded processing. For more information, see TestMAX ATPG
            Multithreading Command Option Support.
-ndetects number (n) ] : Detects a fault up to and including n times. The default
            is one fault detection during ATPG. This option is not supported for full-Sequential
            ATPG, full-sequential fault simulation, or distributed ATPG. The -ndetects option keeps fault detections active until the fault has
            been detected n times. A fault detected less than n times is placed in the not analyzed, possibly detected
            (NP) fault class. When a fault is detected n times, it is
            placed in the Detected by Simulation (DS) fault class, and removed from the active fault
            list. Fault reports are enhanced to display the number of times each fault was detected.
-sequential : Specifies that fault simulation will use a sequential simulation algorithm. This is
            required if the design has sequential elements and the functional patterns expect data
            effects to persist from one pattern to another. It is optional if the patterns are ATPG
            patterns consisting of Basic-Scan or Fast-Sequential patterns, or if the functional
            patterns do not expect data to persist from one pattern to another. Without the -sequential option, a combinational (scan-based)
            simulation is performed, which assumes that data does not persist beyond the current
            pattern. This type of simulation is faster and can identify redundant faults, which can
            increase test coverage. This default mode is appropriate if the patterns were originally
            generated by TestMAX ATPG using Basic-Scan or Fast-Sequential ATPG. With the -sequential option, a sequential simulation is performed,
            which retains the design state from pattern to pattern. This type of simulation is
            slower and cannot identify redundant faults. Sequential simulation is generally required
            to fault-simulate functional patterns imported with the set patterns external command.
            Use of the -sequential option is not recommended if the patterns can be
            simulated combinationally. A test for whether patterns can be simulated combinationally
            is to use the run simulation command without its -sequential option, and seeing whether
            the good machine simulation runs successfully without any differences between simulated
            and expected values. When the -verbose option of the set_simulation command is in effect, the use of the -sequential option causes the run_fault_sim command
            to display the good machine vs. faulty machine response for each pattern as the fault
            simulation progresses. You might want to review the -sequential_modeling option of the set_netlist command. It can affect
            the derived ATPG model. Sometimes a more precise (less pessimistic) model is needed for
            fault simulation than when doing ATPG. This set_netlist option can produce a more precise model during
            library reading. This option switches to non-threaded processing. For more information, see TestMAX ATPG
            Multithreading Command Option Support.
-store : Copies functional patterns and the measure conditions that detect faults into the
            internal pattern buffer during fault simulation. This option is ignored if the -sequential option is also used or if the pattern source is internal.
            For scan-based patterns, any patterns that fail to detect a fault are not copied to the
            internal pattern buffer. For designs with compression, the pattern sequence is
            maintained. However, any measure conditions that do not detect a fault are set to an X
            value to indicate that there is no useful detection for the specified fault list. This option switches to non-threaded processing. For more information, see TestMAX ATPG
            Multithreading Command Option Support.
-strong_bridge : Marks only those faults meeting the criteria for fully-optimized bridging fault
            detection as detected. This includes those faults where the aggressor has the strongest
            drive strength and the victim has the weakest drive strength.

EXAMPLES:
TEST-T>
run_fault_sim  -sequential
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Begin sequential fault simulation of 4540 faults on 36 external patterns.
 -----------------------------------------------------------
 #faults    pass #faults  cum. #faults  test     process
 simulated  detect/total  detect/active coverage CPU time
 ---------  ------------- ------------- -------- --------
 1675       550 1675      550 3990      13.57%   05.45
 3326       669 1651      1219 3321     29.36%   09.12
 4540       390 1214      1609 2931     40.22%   12.22
 Fault simulation completed: #faults_simulated=4540, test_coverage=40.22%, CPU time=12.22

