COMMAND: write_simtrace

TITLE:
write_simtrace

DESCRIPTION:
This command assists in debugging ATPG pattern miscompares found during Verilog simulation.

SYNTAX:
write_simtrace filename [-gate netname_or_id] [-length int] [-replace] [-scan chainname : cellnumber]

OPTIONS:
filename : Specifies the name of the output file that defines a standalone module containing
            Verilog debug statements.
-gate netname_or_id : References a single net, device port, or module name that is monitored during
            simlulation. The reference can be a TestMAX ATPG name or gate id. If the reference is a
            single net, then the monitor will contain the name of the object (subject to a length
            restriction of 20 characters or as specified by the -length option),
            followed by a colon, and a single bit that is the state of that net at the specified
            time. This is terminated by a semicolon. An example would be: “ ABC.DI:0; ”. If
            the reference is to a module, then the output of that module must be displayed first in
            the format above, followed by a comma instead of the semicolon, and all the named inputs
            of the module are listed after an “ INs: ” identifier. The inputs are identified
            by port-name only (not the full path name), and input ports that are constant values or
            have no name are not displayed. A semicolon follows the last input port of the
            module.
-length int : Specifies the length of the names as they appear in the output statements. By default,
            names are truncated to the last 20 characters; this option allows you to specify longer
            or shorter names. This option is position-dependent and can be used multiple times; you
            may place this option between sequences of -scan and -gate options and it will affect only the remaining options.
-replace : Indicates that the output file is allowed to replace an existing file. The default is
            to not allow a replacement.
-scan chainname : cellnumber : Identifies the scan chain and cell that is monitored during simulation. This option
            requires a chain name, followed by a colon, and the bit index in that chain. The output
            of the cell is indicated first, followed by “ , INs: ”, followed by all named,
            non-constant input ports of that cell. In the output region, if there is a scancell
            before this cell, then the state of that previous cell will also be monitored, and it is
            placed in parenthesis before the output state of this cell. Likewise, if there is a scan
            cell after this cell, then the output of the next cell is also displayed, with
            parenthesis around that state value as well. For example, a scan cell number 1 of chain c1 can be displayed as: “ c1:1 (0)0(1) INs: DI:0 SE: 0
              D:1; ”.

